hello YouTube arm this is my trio
stealth pro 9.7 a tablet armed with
eight gigs of memory and built-in Wi-Fi
I've had this tablet for a few months
and it's always ran incredibly slow oh
by the way it's running off of a Ice
Cream Sandwich 4.0 sorry it's not
focused well but you all know what that
is
um but yeah ever since I got it it's
been running slow I tried a whole number
of things I got Google Play running on
it which is supposed to not happen um I
got that by luck not by any one method I
don't know how I did it just ended up
working for whatever reason but ever
since I've got Google Play and
everything else running on this tablet
it's been running extremely extremely
slow um so I and I tried routing it and
I found out this tablet comes pre routed
so I've been working on it and has
not worked um
so I decided to remove the route and to
restore it to factory settings and this
is what I've been putting up with for
the past couple days you can't really
read it but it says unfortunately the
process com dot Android phone has
stopped working and then that keeps
popping up and among a whole plethora of
other errors um I wonder if anybody
knows how to fix this or if anybody
knows a way that I can completely wipe
this tablet and reinstall Android um I
have no idea how to do the the tablet
image reinstall or anything like that or
install because there's no real
tutorials for this tablet I've tried a
the whole hard reset with the whole
volume up button which is over here you
can't really see and the power button
which is up here you can't really tell
I've tried the HOME key and the volume
up volume down holding bovine buttons I
tried everything there's no way to get
this to BIOS or in any type of safe mode
um so I mean as far as I know as far as
what the internet tells me but if anyone
out there knows how to
mess around with this piece of crap and
get it at least working um let me know